This is our design. it's pretty much like Mike draw drew the in the during the last meeting. We have of course the the round shape the round basic shape. Th So there's this part which is made of hard plastic, the front. And we're we're using different colours. Of course for the launch we use the basic ugly colours,. and later we'll put out more interesting covers with different patterns and pictures and everything. and the rest of it, the under the under side of it, yeah, the back side and the lower part of the front is of course titanium made of titanium,. then we have on back on the front the logo in the upper corner,. which is made which is also part of the back, part of the titanium titanium part. It's a double. Yeah the logo. I think oval will be better for the for the for the different channel buttons. the the con the the the, yeah, the volume and the channel controls in the middle here. with kind of arrow shapes,. we the Okay button's here in the middle of the of the operators, of the channel and volume changers.
Menu for the LCD screen.
And the video button. And of course this low part, this is the LCD screen. And we thought about the logo big in the middle. And the company slogan, we thought in a kind of arc shape above the logo. the voice recorder is at the bottom.
If if you look if if this this is thick, and this is thin, th th then it that it lies over your hands. But. Well what what what I what I agree is that when when you have such of an arc in the middle, so that the the a the ends and the fronts is a bit thicker, so th then it falls over your hands. And how large is it?
That's the question.
Yeah, I agree with the LCD screen. And if you have it li in the middle, your hand might be over it.
But you you hold it like this. Well the the Well that's a reason to to to put the LCD screen of course on the upper side, but
Well for as far as I can see, three of us agree. and only Nils
For me, I I wouldn't buy it. So let it be like this at at this moment.
I'm going to do the ev evaluation. That's gonna be done at the end of seven point skill criteria. So I made a I made a few questions on the hand of the impor most important requirements and trends. the first question is, is the device good-looking?
So I think it's very good-looking
Easy to change channels?
I think it's as easy as can be made.
The device is easy to find if you lose it?
Well we don't have the device that beeps when you lost it or so,
R RSI sensitive?
Well well a bit,. Are there enough technology? Are the trends about fruit and vegetables implemented? Is the material attractive? So I would say at least two. look at the costs at this point. The sample speaker,. Kick it out. Then we go to fourteen point six.
Well well why why why should we use a advanced chip?
Well be for the LCD you had said. What's the difference between a simple and a regular chip?
But it wasn't very clear.
Yeah, we need to have the the LCD screen.
Well, we could say, well this special colour, that isn't that that isn't there,. because the the fronts they will buy it. The special colour.
But we Then we have to lose the LCD screen.
We can also make it flat.
Yeah, this is actually two curves, yeah.
No, it's one curve.
W we can never get below the twelve and a half.
Well we make it more expensive to buy.
Well, then we have two dollars less profit.
If if you make people brand-aware, they are willing to pay more.
Hey but I think you'll agree that that we that now we have this screen, it's it's very not practical to ha to consider this after we have designed the entire thing.
Why why don't we replace the titanium with plastic coloured titanium,
Th then you have a ugly, stupid, ugly looking, dumb remote that that no-one would buy. I'll put in the report we that we think that fourteen point one is the m lowest price you can make a remote for that's trendy these days. I I'll talk to the managers.
So we have to use the ditch the titanium, I'm afraid.
But then we can add the special colour? As we have money over left.
Well I think the case is double curved then. Well we have curves in all directions.
But now we're going to evaluate our project, of project,. are we satisfactory about our creativity?
Well in in if we consider the costs then this is the best, yeah.
I think it's terrible that we got those costs at the last moment. and you had to dump all your creativity.
Well it's It was very democratic.
Well the managers were terrible. So, with their all their useless requirements. Well great I think. well what do you, what did you think about the SMARTboard?
It was a complete disaster.
That one isn't accurate.
But I I think this is meant by the digital pen.
A green board with chalk is much more useful than that thing.
And the digi the digital pen?
It isn't practical. Right. Yeah, it might be useful for drawings. I I agree on that.
New ideas found?
Well I missed the option to to email,
Communicate in between.